Add openai.chat connector (#775)
ballerina-platform/openapi-connectors: openapi/openai.chat/Module.md

## Overview

> This is a generated connector for the [OpenAI Chat API](https://beta.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat) OpenAPI Specification. OpenAI is an American artificial intelligence research laboratory consisting of a non-profit corporation and a for-profit subsidiary. OpenAI conducts AI research with the declared intention of promoting and developing friendly AI. The OpenAI Chat API provides a way to access the state-of-the-art ChatGPT model (GPT-3.5) developed by OpenAI for a variety of tasks.

Reviewer: Do we need to mention that the connector supports only GPT-3.5 varients? Can't we specify other models (e.g GPT 4) in the completion request and retrieve responses in the same way?

Author: As of now, only GPT 3.5 Turbo model is supported for chat completions. Updated the content.

## Prerequisites

Before using this connector in your Ballerina application, complete the following:

* Create an [OpenAI account](https://beta.openai.com/signup/).
* Obtain an API key by following [these instructions](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/authentication).

## Quick start

To use the OpenAI Chat connector in your Ballerina application, update the `.bal` file as follows:

### Step 1: Import the connector
First, import the `ballerinax/openai.chat` module into the Ballerina project.
```ballerina
import ballerinax/openai.chat;
import ballerina/io;
```

### Step 2: Create a new connector instance
Create and initialize a `chat:Client` with the obtained `apiKey`.
```ballerina
    chat:Client chatClient = check new ({
        auth: {
            token: "sk-XXXXXXXXX"
        }
    });
```

### Step 3: Invoke the connector operation
1. Now you can use the operations available within the connector. 

> >**Note:** These operations are in the form of remote operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** These operations are in the form of Ballerina resource methods.
```

Reviewer: Or else we can remove the complete sentence to be consistent with the other module.mds.

Reviewer: Please check the other openai.* connector module.mds and do the same

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/openapi-connectors/pull/775/commits/7b1a813be6589303915a604b00ff146808760f30.
